# Super-enigma


## Functional Requirements

Registration: - A new user will have to register in the system by providing essential details in order to view the products in the system. The admin must accept a new user by unblocking him

Login: - A user must login with his user name and password to the system after registration

Add Products :The shopping cart project contains different kind of products. The products can be classified into different categories by name. Admin can add new products into the existing system with all its details including an image

View Products: - User can view the list of products based on their names after successful login. A detailed description of a particular product with product name, products details, product image, price can be viewed by users

Delete Products: - Administrator can delete the products based on the stock of that particular product. 

Search products: - Admin will have a list view of all the existing products. He can also search for a particular product by name

View Order: - Administrator can view the Orders which is generated by the users. He can verify the details of the purchase.

Delete Order: - Admin can delete order from the orders list when the product is taken for delivery. Add to cart: - The user can add the desired product into his cart by clicking add to cart option on the product. He can view his cart by clicking on the cart button. All products added by cart can be viewed.

## Features coming for Sept 5

Show a list of products

Add products to a shopping cart (CRUD)

Shopping cart checkout

User login/logout security, Okta

Track user orders for logged in users

Admin dashboard/ product creation

Inventory Management

Email Functionality to be used for customer registration and payment

